In this lecture, we are going to extend on what we've already written in the previous lecture, but
this time we are going to take into account the two destination field.
So we've already handled the from text field and now we're going to handle the two field and we can
do this using very similar code to what we've already written.
So I am going to simply copy and paste the class that we've used in the previous lectures, and I'm
going to call this l04 because this will be the fourth lecture and I'm going to keep the name is Travel
Website Part two and click.
Okay.
So in our code we're already using a list and searching for a particular value in the from text field.
And we do this by use a for each loop.
So I am simply going to copy.
All this code.
And if I add a space behind this close in bracket and paste it.
So I am now going to adjust this code to handle the two destination text field.
So the first thing I need to do is change the CSS selector, which is currently selected and send in
a value.
To the from text field.
So I'm going to right click and inspect the two destination field.
And if I get that selector and focus it, focus on it, and then go to an x velocity, you'll see I'm
provided with a recommendation.
So I am going to copy that CSA selector.
And I'm going to paste it here.
And I'm going to paste it here like so.
So what we're doing is we're clicking on the text field and then we pass in a value.
So I need to change London.
So if I go back to the website.
You'll remember that when I enter value.
So I'm selected.
Luton.
The destination of where we can fly to is dependent on the flights and the airports that are flown to
based on the from Origin Airport.
So London, Luton will only fly to certain locations.
So if I type the value at here, you see, these are the destinations beginning with way that you can
fly to from London, Luton.
So I am going to use or I'm going to be focus in this test on the value of Antalya.
So I'm just going to pass the value of IUI and then I am going to use visible text again to find the
intaglio value.
So if I go back to the code, I'm going to change London to eight and I will be entered in that two
destination text field.
I need to use a list again.
So I'm going to call this new list destinations.
And.
Where this list is populating the results for the for the coming from text field.
I need to adjust it for D2 destination text field.
So that means I need to change this locator.
So if I go back to the website.
And if I type in, I hear.
And right click and inspect one of these.
So if I widen this.
So we got a better view.
So you'll see that there is a span highlighted.
So if I type in a again and hover over these, notice the elements that are being highlighted here.
So.
This is the bit the first one.
One it's highlighted.
And if I expand this to the sort of span and expand the span you'll see to Aberdeen is the first result.
So again, using the method we did last time.
It's in a span which has a parent's ovary, which has a parent to their lawyer and the lawyer has a
parent of you'll.
And that you will has my expanded a little bit more so you can see an I.D. of new I.D. to.
So this couple has a different idea to the one in the previous lectures.
So I'm going to copy that.
And I'm going to go back to my coat and make that slight adjustment.
And I believe the structure is the same for the following after that.
So if I copy that and then go back to the website.
And if I open up runner ox velocity and paste that value here, click enter.
You'll see there hasn't found any values.
And that's because I'm missing the hash sign so far.
Try again.
You'll see that it's found a number of them.
In fact, it's found 85.
So it seems that this website has been designed in a way where there is is displaying a number of results
because there's probably a number of different locations you can fly to from London, Luton.
So I'm going to use this locator to see if our code functions as we would expect.
So I'm going to leave that there for now.
So what I'm going to do in the loop is I'm going to change the origin.
To destination.
And origins to destinations within it and.
So remember, this can be anything again.
But this needs to be the name of the collection, which is destinations.
And so I am going to be using if so, instead of Oregon now it's going to be if destination get text
contains and instead of Luton.
I'm going to be looking for an Talla at.
But then I spell it and.
Believes like that it can check.
anti-Al Anti Al.
Why?
That's correct.
So it's going to search him for text that contains Antalya and then I need to change origin again to
destination dot click and I'm hoping.
That it would swipe at him.
A look through the results.
You'll find a match for Antalya and it was selected.
So let's save this test.
And let's try running it.
And you will see that the test was able to handle the from text field by place in London, Luton and
then select in Antalya as the two destination text field.
So we've been able to reuse our dynamic code for a different scenario.
Thanks for watching.